Docs: related block; new demos; minor fixes and expansions (#8250)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: packages/ckeditor5-heading/docs/features/headings.md

{@snippet build-classic-source}

> The {@link module:heading/heading~Heading} feature enables support for headings. These are used by the creators to structure their documents and aid both the readers making the reading easier and more organized and the search indexers scanning for crucial information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {@link module:heading/heading~Heading} feature enables support for headings. These are used by the creators to structure their documents. They also aid both the readers, making the content more organized and easier to read, and the search indexers scanning for crucial information.
```

	You can read more about why the editor should not create `<h1>` elements for content headings in the [Headings section of Editor Recommendations](http://ckeditor.github.io/editor-recommendations/features/headings.html).
</info-box>

> ## Demo

Reviewer: Something's wrong here with the demos and structure, both before your changes and after them. I'd see the structure like this:

# Title

Feature description

## Heading levels

## Demo

(Demo with default setup)

## Related features

List

## Configuration

### Configuring heading levels

With demo

### Configuring custom heading elements

With demo

## Installation

## Common API

## Contribute

{@snippet features/custom-heading-levels}

## Related features

There are more CKEditor 5 features that can help you format your content:
* {@link features/basic-styles Basic font styles} &ndash; The essentials, like **bold**, *italic* and others.
* {@link features/remove-format Remove format} &ndash; Easily clean basic text formatting.
* {@link features/title Document title} &ndash; Clearly divide your content into a title and body.

> 

Reviewer: Block indentation also works with headings, same with text alignment.
